README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
<br><br>👋 Hi there! I'm Kemi, a Frontend Software Engineer passionate about building scalable web applications and helping developers grow.<br><br>

## What I Do
- Building enterprise micro-frontend architecture at **Etiqa Insurance** (2M+ users)

- Specializing in **React.js, Next.js, TypeScript** and **Module Federation**

- Creating clean, maintainable code that humans can actually read

- Mentoring developers and sharing lessons learned publicly

<br><br>

## What I Work With:
**Frontend:** React.js • Next.js • TypeScript • JavaScript • Tailwind CSS • Redux  

**Backend:** Node.js • Express.js • NestJS • RESTful APIs  

**Architecture:** Micro-frontends • Module Federation • Performance Optimization  • Enterprise Solutions and Services

**Tools:** Git • Webpack 5 • Vercel • LDAP • OIDC

<br><br>

##  Currently Learning

- Advanced micro-frontend patterns

- System design at scale


## Latest Trends:
Exploring the latest trends in frontend development, including Next.js, state-of-the-art CSS frameworks, and progressive web apps (PWAs).<br><br>


## Let's Connect:
- **Portfolio:** [kemi-oluwadahunsi.vercel.app](https://kemi-oluwadahunsi.vercel.app)

- **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/oluwakemioluwadahunsi](https://linkedin.com/in/oluwakemioluwadahunsi)

- **Email:** oluwakemioluwadahunsi@gmail.com

- **X:** [x.com/km/km_oluwadahunsi](https://x.com/km_oluwadahunsi) 

<br><br>

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![GithubPages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/daisyui-5A0EF8?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Nodemon](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEMON-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodemon&logoColor=%BBDEAD) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![React Hook Form](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Hook%20Form-%23EC5990.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reacthookform&logoColor=white) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white) ![Styled Components](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled--components-DB7093?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-039BE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Dribbble](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dribbble-EA4C89?style=for-the-badge&logo=dribbble&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Babel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Babel-F9DC3e?style=for-the-badge&logo=babel&logoColor=black) ![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=#FF7139) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Kemi-Oluwadahunsi&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Kemi-Oluwadahunsi&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Kemi-Oluwadahunsi&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)


### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=merko)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Kemi-Oluwadahunsi&limit=5&theme=gruvbox&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Kemi-Oluwadahunsi&icon=7&color=3)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise learning and trends sections in README
Updated sections on learning and trends, added philosophy quotes.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
<br><br>👋 Hi there! I'm Kemi, a Frontend Software Engineer passionate about building scalable web applications and helping developers grow.<br><br>

## What I Do
- Building enterprise micro-frontend architecture at **Etiqa Insurance** (2M+ users)

- Specializing in **React.js, Next.js, TypeScript** and **Module Federation**

- Creating clean, maintainable code that humans can actually read

- Mentoring developers and sharing lessons learned publicly

<br><br>

## What I Work With:
**Frontend:** React.js • Next.js • TypeScript • JavaScript • Tailwind CSS • Redux  

**Backend:** Node.js • Express.js • NestJS • RESTful APIs  

**Architecture:** Micro-frontends • Module Federation • Performance Optimization  • Enterprise Solutions and Services

**Tools:** Git • Webpack 5 • Vercel • LDAP • OIDC

<br><br>

##  Currently Exploring

- Advanced micro-frontend patterns

- System design at scale

- Micro-frontends with Module Federation, enterprise API design, performance optimization, and scalable React architecture.

<br><br>





## Let's Connect:
- **Portfolio:** [kemi-oluwadahunsi.vercel.app](https://kemi-oluwadahunsi.vercel.app)

- **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/oluwakemioluwadahunsi](https://linkedin.com/in/oluwakemioluwadahunsi)

- **Email:** oluwakemioluwadahunsi@gmail.com

- **X:** [x.com/km/km_oluwadahunsi](https://x.com/km_oluwadahunsi) 

<br><br>

##  Philosophy

> "Clean code isn't an add-on. It's the standard."  

> "Code is for people, not just computers."  

> "Impact over impressions."


<br><br>

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![GithubPages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/daisyui-5A0EF8?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Nodemon](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEMON-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodemon&logoColor=%BBDEAD) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![React Hook Form](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Hook%20Form-%23EC5990.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reacthookform&logoColor=white) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white) ![Styled Components](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled--components-DB7093?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-039BE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Dribbble](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dribbble-EA4C89?style=for-the-badge&logo=dribbble&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Babel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Babel-F9DC3e?style=for-the-badge&logo=babel&logoColor=black) ![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=#FF7139) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Kemi-Oluwadahunsi&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Kemi-Oluwadahunsi&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Kemi-Oluwadahunsi&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)


### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=merko)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Kemi-Oluwadahunsi&limit=5&theme=gruvbox&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Kemi-Oluwadahunsi&icon=7&color=3)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
